[Music]
Japan is known as the land of the rising
sun but it could also be known as the
land of singing toilets or the country
of the blue traffic light there are so
many things that make it a whole other
world get ready to explore one square
watermelons they were invented back in
the 70s by a graphic designer to fit
compactly in the fridge and be cut more
easily Japanese farmers grow them in
special containers to get the shape
since they're pretty expensive people
don't buy them as food but rather as a
decorative item - ramen noodles bath the
Unison spa resort in Hakone offers its
guests the pretty unique experience of
splashing around in a vat of pork soup
and ramen noodles while this may sound
crazy to many people many the Japanese
believe that soaking in such a bath is
good for the skin because a broth made
of pork is rich in collagen 3 bizarre
flavors of KitKat chili pepper was sabi
sweet potato grilled corn soy bean salt
watermelon mango green tea and that's
only a short list of the KitKat flavors
you can try in Japan which one would you
try let me know down in the comments
fake food specialists make this kind of
food from plastic or wax and it looks
just as delicious as the real one many
restaurants use fake food to display
their popular dishes in the windows and
attract hungry clients usually these
replicas cost much more than the dishes
they imitate 5 rabbit island back in the
40s
scientists brought a number of rabbits
to a Kona Shima Island to do some tests
however later on the animals were freed
and started to multiply now the island
is full of them and attracts a lot of
tourists / ocurro machines
taking photos in a booth is nothing new
but Japan added its own exciting twist
to this experience their photo booths
called purikura allow you to edit photos
right on the spot adding different
backgrounds funny stickers or writings
also you can send the pictures to your
cell phone or perhaps your toilet if you
know you have Wi-Fi in there you might
never have to leave seven people
push-ups Subway's and train stations get
really overcrowded during rush hour
that's why the station staff and
part-time workers have to perform the
routine procedure of pushing people
inside trains to fit in as many
passengers as possible before the doors
closed number eight umbrella parking lot
before going inside a building you can
park and lock your umbrella just like
you do with your bike now you can be
sure no one will take it and you won't
make a puddle on the floor if your
umbrella is wet many government
buildings offices and hotels have this
sort of umbrella rack nine millions of
vending machines Japan has more than
five million of them mostly because they
save time for people who work late hours
which is a pretty common thing here
besides Japanese vending machines aren't
just for snacks and soda you can buy
basically anything from live lobsters to
underwear in these machines ten Tokyo's
biggest resident in 2015
Godzilla was granted citizenship in
Tokyo's sand Juke award the authorities
presented a special certificate stating
his new residency and also made him a
job offer
Godzilla became the tourism ambassador
later they even installed a Godzilla
head 171 feet above the ground at Toho
the movie studio that made the original
movie back in 1954 11 train delays make
headlines punctuality is a really big
thing here and train stations do
everything possible to avoid a delay if
a train is five minutes late the railway
company might have to issue a delay
certificate for railway workers and
passengers who missed an important
appointment
if the delay is longer than an hour then
the railway company might give an
official apology in newspapers 12 silent
karaoke this is a special microphone
with a cone that you place over your
mouth it muffles most of the sounds when
you sing it was designed for people who
don't want to wake up their neighbors
and those who feel shy about belting
their favorite tunes in public number 13
polite slurping well in many countries
slurping is considered rude in Japan
it's a way to show your appreciation of
the dish if you don't slurp when you eat
noodles then the chef will think that
you don't enjoy the food or that is cold
ah good noodles 14 face napkins when you
eat a burger it's never pretty because
your mouth gets covered in ketchup or
mustard owners of one fast-food
restaurant
found a solution to this by serving
burgers together with special napkins
they cover the faces of guests who feel
a bit embarrassed about looking messy
while eating 15 water-saving sinks
they're located right over the toilet
tanks the idea is simple first you wash
your hands over the sink then the sink
water goes straight into the toilet tank
and finally you flush the toilet when
you've done your business so you save
water by using it twice aren't you glad
they don't do it the other way number 16
strange Mayo no Japanese Mayo doesn't
have any special recipe or ingredient
but they don't eat it with salads meat
or sandwiches in Japan people usually
use it as a topping for ice cream or on
pancakes hmm
a chocolate sundae with mayo haha
nothing better 17 naps at work in
Japanese culture dozing off at the
workplace or in Emery is considered a
sign of being a hardworking person who's
very committed to their job as why in
amory is so common and no one thinks
it's a bad thing
some people even fake it 18 world's
shortest escalator you can find it in
the basement of mores department store
which is located in the city of cow
Sakhi the escalator has only five steps
and is only 33 inches tall well that's
one small step for a man okay
nineteen canned food restaurant eating
canned food may not sound like a
delicious treat for you
but there's a whole chain of restaurants
all over the country where they serve
only canned food they're pretty popular
since clients can choose from 300
varieties of food from all across the
world $20 of nagura used to have a
population of 300 people but less than
40 residents live there now a local
artist Sukhumi a Yano made over 300
life-sized dolls most of which will look
like former residents and they're
located in various states of action for
example there's a whole classroom of
them in the village school that was
closed awhile ago
number 21 no fours
it's common for Japanese culture to
avoid the number 4 because it's
considered to be very unlucky that's why
some buildings don't have a fourth floor
stores don't sell a set of cutlery for 4
and the number of guests to some event
can't be 420 to blue traffic light they
use a blue color instead of green for
traffic lights the reason for that hides
in their language historically there was
only one word for both colors when
traffic lights first appeared in the
country they were as green as anywhere
else but that green color was still
called blue to make things right the
government decided to use the bluish
shade of green possible ok 23 cleaning
classes Japanese kids learn how to clean
in many schools because it's a part of
their education they mop their
classrooms and hallways do dusting and
even clean the bathrooms teachers
believe it's a great way to raise
responsible citizens 24 foot baths
trained take the two doy tourists
trained to get the most comfortable
sightseeing experience this train has
foot baths build of aromatic cypress
wood and filled with warm spring water
that can soothe the pain in your joints
so you can soak your feet and enjoy
beautiful views at the same time while
traveling from nagoya - you know yama
onsen 25 futuristic toilets toilets in
Japan are very high-tech to use one a
person should know what all those
buttons are for there's a variety of
functions including heating the seat
spring warm water to clean the user up
and even playing music all they're
missing is a refrigerator Wow
who'd ever want to leave their toilet 26
crazy ice-cream flavors the Japanese
love weird food combos that's why
finding an ice cream flavored with horse
meat
cactus charcoal squid ink garlic or
chicken wings won't be a problem here
27 space-saving parking lots since Japan
is a densely populated country they
don't like to waste space that's why
their parking lots have a smart system
they're designed like multi-level
garages twenty-eight robot run Hotel in
a hotel in Nagasaki robots are a big
part of its staff it's called the Hana
which translates as strange the
human-like androids meet the guests
clean the rooms carry luggage make
coffee and even smile
however real people work there too to
recharge the robots and supervise how
they perform their duties 29 cafe
companion sitting alone in a cafe and
enjoying your coffee and food is common
for most people around the world but in
the Land of the Rising Sun you'll get a
huge plush Moomin to sit next to you in
one of the cafes so you don't have to
eat alone Hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like it's
your with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]
you